Let's go do pet really quick.
Because right now we have like this,
these pets, and
we're just kind of blindly
rendering out the text here.
It'd be cool if we could make like
a little overlay here really quick, right?
So let's do that.
So in pet.
So first thing up here,
class name equals, and
we're just going to
replace class name here.
I'm gonna put relative and
block, cell position relative.
So that means I can do absolute
positioning inside of here and
it will be relative to
the outward anchor tag.
And the anchor tag will be a block, right?
So that's what that does.
Everything else here,
this can be all left the same.
You can delete this
className if you want to.
It's not doing anything but
you can if you want to.
Then this className here instead of info,
we want absolute, position absolute.
Botton-0, so,
we want it to be along the bottom.
We want it to be on the left side,
so left-0.
Let me want a background gradient
To top right so 2-TR, 2-TR.
So that's gonna go from
bottom left to top right and
we're gonna go from white to I
think it's transparent, right?
Yep, to transparent which means that
it goes to an opacity zero, right?
And then when do padding right 2 and
padding top 2,
sorry, just to give us
some extra space there so
that the gradient can kind of fade off and
look kind of nice.
Okay, and then now you get these kind
of nice little tags that are kind of
floating over the bottom here.
Not the nicest thing you've ever designed,
but I also did it in 45 seconds.
I guess that's kinda why I like tailwind
is it kind of matches the way that I do
prototyping but
I end up with something that I can keep.
Just kinda nice.
Normally I'm just doing
this in the browser and
then I'm copying my styles
over my style sheet, right?
Okay, that is tailwind.css.
So going back over to our course
website here, we just finished
Tailwind down here with positioning.
So again, I'm gonna let you know
we did not fix this page, right?
This is still a hot mess but
I think it would be a cool exercise for
you to go back afterwards and try and
make that look nice yourself, Awesome.
So now if you click here you should be
able to go here this is the state of
the world with tailwind.css.